Did you find all the errors and get the last then-statement to run?
I'll go over the issues in this code block and also
add in some bonus issues you might have caught along the way.
The first issue is typos,
easy to miss and easy to do.
But source here is spelled wrong.
This error might have caused you, as it did me,
to notice another issue that shows us some interesting things about how JavaScript works.
Did you notice that in some cases,
the typo didn't cause an error in the program at all?
In JavaScript, we often check for the existence of
an object attribute before checking its contents.
Here we see just how important that check is because if I remove it,
but keep the typo in,
this code will still run,
and we actually hit this error instead of creating an error here.
The second issue was in the second then-statement.
We were so busy setting the category,
we forgot to return the data,
which causes an error in the following then-chain when no data is passed in.
Here I've fixed it by returning data.
But if we wanted to be a little bit more efficient,
we could destructure out the message and pass
only the values to the next then-chain that it actually needs,
which are id and message.
That's the end of the challenges section.
I hope it helped you feel a little bit more
confident about the concepts we've learned in this section.
The next section will be about Fetch and Ajax requests.